This project is open source distributed under the MIT License.

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Michael Probber

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.



There are (many) known bugs, as this was developed at the Media in Context
Hackathon hosted by Al Jazeera in 2012, jetlagged, in less than 48 hours, so
some things fell to the wayside.

This platform is inspired by twitter "block bots", that block a list of users
that are known to be harassing or abusive, but goes one step farther.  The 
platform assigns a score to each user, and ranks their comments based on how
they behave across a network of sites (how many times their comments are 
flagged, how many upvotes/downvotes their comments get, etc).  Commenters with
a better reputation across sites, have more say, whereas commenters
with a worse reputation across that group of sites have less say.

We have developed a plugin to integrate this platform with a wordpress site,
but it can be integrated with any group of sites across a network.
